# Add Liquidity

In this guide we explain step-by-step how to provide liquidity to a Public Meta Vault.

1. Identify the Meta Vault associated to the pair you want to participate in. See for example [here](../deployments.md) for a full list of deployment addresses related to HOT AMM.
2. From now on, we use the Arrakis Public Router contract, defined here
   [`ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol`](../../../autogenerated/ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol/contract.ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.md)
3. Next step is to determine how many of each tokens are needed to join the Meta Vault. There are several options:
   - Use `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::getMintAmounts` to determine the extact amounts of `token0` and `token1` to deposit.
   - If you own only one of the tokens, you can either swap on your own to match the amounts needed, or you can use the buil-in swap features in `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter`.
     In the later, only one token needs to be authorized.
4. In order to set token transfer authorizations before depositing, there are two alternatives:
   - Calling the standard ERC20 `Approve`
   - Set up Permit2 signatures
5. Now, in order to deposit into the pool there are multiple paths:

   - If you set up ERC20 approvals:

     - Call `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::addLiquidity` to deposit both tokens to the vault.
     - If you have `ETH` and want to deposit into a pool with `WETH` as one of its tokens, you can also call `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::wrapAndAddLiquidity`.
     - If you have only one of the tokens in the pair, you can call `swapAndAddLiquidity`
     - If you only have `ETH` and want to deposit into a pool with `WETH` as one of its tokens, you can call `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::wrapAndSwapAndAddLiquidityPermit2`

   - If you have set the correct `Permit2 Signatures` you should respectively call `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::addLiquidityPermit2`,
     `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::wrapAndAddLiquidityPermit2` or `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter::swapAndAddLiquidityPermit2`

6. Once your deposit transaction goes through, you obtain ERC20 LP `shares` of the vault you are depositing to.
